README.md, before:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

Collection of things I've learned, that I'd otherwise quickly forget. (Again.)

---

### Categories

* [AWS](#aws)
* [Databases](#databases)
* [Docker](#docker)
* [GeoPandas](#geopandas)
* [Linux](#linux)
* [Math](#math)
* [Pandas](#pandas)
* [Python](#python)
* [Scraping](#scraping)
* [Web](#web)
* [CS Theory](#cstheory)

---

### AWS
- [Access a Container Running in ECS](aws/access-running-container.md)
- [Access RDS from Lambda](aws/access-rds-from-lambda.md)
- [Get Data from an S3 Object](aws/get-data-from-s3-object.md)
- [Increase Storage for Windows EC2](aws/increase-storage-for-windows-ec2.md)
- [Run Lambda Containers Locally](aws/run-lambda-containers-locally.md)
- [Troubleshoot ECS](aws/troubleshoot-ecs.md)

### Databases
- [mdb](databases/mdb.md)
- [pyodbc](databases/pyodbc.md)

### Docker
- [`RUN` vs. `CMD`](docker/run-vs-cmd.md)

### GeoPandas
- [Convert Lat/Lon Coordinates to Lambert Azimuthal Equal Area Projection](geopandas/convert-data-to-lambert-projection.md)

### Linux
- [Change the Endian-ness of a File](linux/change-endian-ness.md)
- [Create PDF from Images](linux/create-pdf-from-images.md)
- [Create a Key Mapping in Vim](linux/create-vim-keymap.md)
- [Encryption with GNU PGP](linux/encryption-with-gnu-pgp.md)
- [Grep - Show Filenames Only](linux/grep-show-filenames-only.md)
- [Open vim at the Last Line](linux/open-vim-at-last-line.md)
- [SSH Config](linux/ssh-config.md)

### Math
- [Entropy and Information Gain](math/entropy-and-information-gain.md)
- [Linear Regression](math/linear-regression.md)
- [Unimodal vs Multimodal](math/unimodal-vs-multimodal.md)

### Matplotlib
- [Rotate x-tick Labels](matplotlib/rotate-xtick-labels.md)

### Pandas
- [Break Big Data into Chunks](pandas/pandas/break-big-data-into-chunks.md)
- [Convert Column to `datetime`](pandas/convert-column-to-datetime.md)
- [Define a New Column](pandas/define-new-column.md)
- [Drop rows/cols with missing data](pandas/drop-rows-or-cols-with-missing-data.md)
- [Filter by `datetime`](pandas/filter-by-datetime.md)
- [Filter by regex](pandas/filter-by-regex.md)
- [Find Duplicates](pandas/find-duplicates.md)
- [Pivot Table](pandas/pivot-table.md)
- [Replace `np.nan` with `None`](pandas/replace-np-nan-with-none.md)
- [Spatial Interpolation](pandas/spatial-interpolation.md)
- [Upsert](pandas/upsert.md)

### Python
- [Abstract Base Classes](python/abstract-base-class.md)
- [Argmax Without NumPy](python/argmax-without-numpy.md)
- [Debugging with `iceream`](python/debugging-with-icrecream.md)
- [Debugging with `pdb`](python/debugging-with-pdb.md)
- [Default Value for User Input](python/default-value-for-user-input.md)
- [End of Month Calculation](python/end-of-month-calculation.md)
- [Move File](python/move-files.md)
- [Print an ASCII Table](python/print-ascii-table.md)
- [Profiling with `cProfile`](python/profiling-with-cProfile.md)
- [Show Current Python Version Running Jupyter](python/jupyter-show-current-python-version.md)
- [Show Package Dependencies Using pip](python/pip-show-package-dependencies.md)
- [Random Bitmap in PyGame](python/random-bitmap-in-pygame.md)
- [Union of Multiple Sets](python/union-of-multiple-sets.md)
- [Union of two `dict`](python/union-of-two-dict.md)

### Scraping
- [Get HTML from Element](scraping/get-html-from-element.md)
- [Hover Over an Item](scraping/hover-over-an-item.md)
- [Parse an HTML Table](scraping/parse-html-table.md)
- [Use `chromedriver` Binary on a Mac](scraping/use-chromedriver-binary-on-mac.md)

### Web
- [Authorization Token Gotcha](web/authorization-token-gotcha.md)
- [Gunicorn Gotcha](web/gunicorn-gotcha.md)

### CS Theory
- [Circular Linked List](cstheory/circular-linked-list.md)

---

## About

I shamelessly stole this idea from [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til).

## Other TIL Collections

* [Today I Learned by Hashrocket](https://til.hashrocket.com)
* [jwworth/til](https://github.com/jwworth/til)
* [thoughtbot/til](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til)

## License

&copy; 2021 Connor Johnson

This repository is licensed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for
details.

Commit message:

Add create zip download in flask

README.md, after:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

Collection of things I've learned, that I'd otherwise quickly forget. (Again.)

---

### Categories

* [AWS](#aws)
* [Databases](#databases)
* [Docker](#docker)
* [GeoPandas](#geopandas)
* [Linux](#linux)
* [Math](#math)
* [Pandas](#pandas)
* [Python](#python)
* [Scraping](#scraping)
* [Web](#web)
* [CS Theory](#cstheory)

---

### AWS
- [Access a Container Running in ECS](aws/access-running-container.md)
- [Access RDS from Lambda](aws/access-rds-from-lambda.md)
- [Get Data from an S3 Object](aws/get-data-from-s3-object.md)
- [Increase Storage for Windows EC2](aws/increase-storage-for-windows-ec2.md)
- [Run Lambda Containers Locally](aws/run-lambda-containers-locally.md)
- [Troubleshoot ECS](aws/troubleshoot-ecs.md)

### Databases
- [mdb](databases/mdb.md)
- [pyodbc](databases/pyodbc.md)

### Docker
- [`RUN` vs. `CMD`](docker/run-vs-cmd.md)

### GeoPandas
- [Convert Lat/Lon Coordinates to Lambert Azimuthal Equal Area Projection](geopandas/convert-data-to-lambert-projection.md)

### Linux
- [Change the Endian-ness of a File](linux/change-endian-ness.md)
- [Create PDF from Images](linux/create-pdf-from-images.md)
- [Create a Key Mapping in Vim](linux/create-vim-keymap.md)
- [Encryption with GNU PGP](linux/encryption-with-gnu-pgp.md)
- [Grep - Show Filenames Only](linux/grep-show-filenames-only.md)
- [Open vim at the Last Line](linux/open-vim-at-last-line.md)
- [SSH Config](linux/ssh-config.md)

### Math
- [Entropy and Information Gain](math/entropy-and-information-gain.md)
- [Linear Regression](math/linear-regression.md)
- [Unimodal vs Multimodal](math/unimodal-vs-multimodal.md)

### Matplotlib
- [Rotate x-tick Labels](matplotlib/rotate-xtick-labels.md)

### Pandas
- [Break Big Data into Chunks](pandas/pandas/break-big-data-into-chunks.md)
- [Convert Column to `datetime`](pandas/convert-column-to-datetime.md)
- [Define a New Column](pandas/define-new-column.md)
- [Drop rows/cols with missing data](pandas/drop-rows-or-cols-with-missing-data.md)
- [Filter by `datetime`](pandas/filter-by-datetime.md)
- [Filter by regex](pandas/filter-by-regex.md)
- [Find Duplicates](pandas/find-duplicates.md)
- [Pivot Table](pandas/pivot-table.md)
- [Replace `np.nan` with `None`](pandas/replace-np-nan-with-none.md)
- [Spatial Interpolation](pandas/spatial-interpolation.md)
- [Upsert](pandas/upsert.md)

### Python
- [Abstract Base Classes](python/abstract-base-class.md)
- [Argmax Without NumPy](python/argmax-without-numpy.md)
- [Debugging with `iceream`](python/debugging-with-icrecream.md)
- [Debugging with `pdb`](python/debugging-with-pdb.md)
- [Default Value for User Input](python/default-value-for-user-input.md)
- [End of Month Calculation](python/end-of-month-calculation.md)
- [Move File](python/move-files.md)
- [Print an ASCII Table](python/print-ascii-table.md)
- [Profiling with `cProfile`](python/profiling-with-cProfile.md)
- [Show Current Python Version Running Jupyter](python/jupyter-show-current-python-version.md)
- [Show Package Dependencies Using pip](python/pip-show-package-dependencies.md)
- [Random Bitmap in PyGame](python/random-bitmap-in-pygame.md)
- [Union of Multiple Sets](python/union-of-multiple-sets.md)
- [Union of Two `dict`](python/union-of-two-dict.md)
- [Create Zipped Download in Flask](python/create-zipped-download-in-flask.md)

### Scraping
- [Get HTML from Element](scraping/get-html-from-element.md)
- [Hover Over an Item](scraping/hover-over-an-item.md)
- [Parse an HTML Table](scraping/parse-html-table.md)
- [Use `chromedriver` Binary on a Mac](scraping/use-chromedriver-binary-on-mac.md)

### Web
- [Authorization Token Gotcha](web/authorization-token-gotcha.md)
- [Gunicorn Gotcha](web/gunicorn-gotcha.md)

### CS Theory
- [Circular Linked List](cstheory/circular-linked-list.md)

---

## About

I shamelessly stole this idea from [jbranchaud/til](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til).

## Other TIL Collections

* [Today I Learned by Hashrocket](https://til.hashrocket.com)
* [jwworth/til](https://github.com/jwworth/til)
* [thoughtbot/til](https://github.com/thoughtbot/til)

## License

&copy; 2021 Connor Johnson

This repository is licensed under the MIT license. See `LICENSE` for
details.
